# CS230-Portfolio

The Gaming Room is a company that is trying to convert its already existing Android application into an application that can be run on other major platforms, such as Windows and iOS. In the design document, I think one of the most successful portions was the portion that compares what developing this program would look like on different operating platforms. I think that this section really highlights some of the similarities between operating platforms, but also some of the biggest differences between them. 

One of the most helpful parts of the design document regarding developing the code is the UML diagram and the description of that diagram. That really helped me understand how everything connected together while developing the code for this project. I think that even though I found this section of the document helpful, it is also the part of the document that I would be most likely to revise. I think that I would be a little more detailed in my description of the UML diagram and perhaps clean up the language that I used to describe the different functions within the diagram.

One of the largest user needs in this project was to expand the application to more platforms to make the game more accessible for more users. I kept this in mind when suggesting what types of technology might be best for developing the game for The Gaming Room. While it is possible to develop the game separately for multiple different platforms, for consistency as well as ease of development, it is often best to choose something that can be run on multiple different operating systems. Another way to achieve that consistency for the user is to make sure that a lot of the core data of the game is stored on a server that can then be accessed by any version of the game. 

I think that in the future, one of the things that I will take away from creating this design template is thinking more carefully about why I'm choosing to develop something in a certain language or framework. From this consideration, I can then make a decision on whether that is the best choice or if I should choose something more versatile. 
